docs(sim-x500-fov): Add information about gimbal field of view in x500_gimbal model doc (#26908)
PX4/PX4-Autopilot: docs/en/sim_gazebo_gz/vehicles.md

The gimbal joints uses position control with a kinematic chain ZXY.

> According to the file [Gimbal model.sdf file](../../../Tools/simulation/gz/models/gimbal/model.sdf):

Reviewer: The link won't work like this. Let's just link to github.
```suggestion
According to the file [Gimbal model.sdf file](https://github.com/PX4/PX4-gazebo-models/blob/main/models/gimbal/model.sdf):
```

- the default horizontal field of view is 2.0 rad ~= 115°

> - the default vertical field of view is 1.45 rad ~= 83°

Author: Indeed, I probably made a wrong cross-product reasoning. I agree with Claude code (and checked it with manual geometric drawing :) ). I will do a last experimental check on the simulator and let you now.

> - the default vertical field of view is 1.45 rad ~= 83°

Author: Formule validated (https://github.com/gazebosim/gazebo-classic/blob/b22c6e15e52299865b31093b8feebc9ca19e26e8/gazebo/rendering/Camera.cc#L2081)

> - the default vertical field of view is 1.45 rad ~= 83°

Reviewer: Cool, so shouldn't you change the rads and degrees?
